doc/md: updating getting started instruction from tokens to CI bot (#1439)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/cloud/getting-started.md

![Switching organization](https://atlasgo.io/uploads/images/switch-org.png)

### Connecting to the Atlas GitHub action

> In order to connect to the Atlas GitHub Action, we will create a bot with permission to Report CI run results. Bots are used to manage permissions and make sure dedicated actions, such as reporting CI results are executed only by the entity with the desired permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to connect to the Atlas GitHub Action, we will create a bot with permission to report CI run results. Bots are used to manage permissions and make sure dedicated actions, such as reporting CI results, are executed only by the entity with the desired permission.
```

`ariga-token: ${{ secrets.ARIGA_TOKEN }}` to your yaml file.
:::

> 1. From the Settings page, under 'Bots', click on "Create Bot" to create a new CI bot.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the Settings page, under 'Bots', click on 'Create Bot' to create a new CI bot.  
```

> The CI bot will be used to connect your GitHub and allow Atlas Cloud to lint your pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I think I would add this sentence higher up, under 'Connecting to Atlas with a GitHub Action'
Something like 'In order to connect to the Atlas GitHub Action, we will create a bot user. Bot users are used to ..."

> 2. After saving your CI bot, click on "Create Token", and generate a token for your bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After saving your CI bot, click on 'Create Token' and generate a token for your bot.
```

`ariga-token: ${{ secrets.ARIGA_TOKEN }}` to your yaml file.
:::

1. From the Settings page, under 'Bots', click on "Create Bot" to create a new CI bot.  

> The CI bot will be used to connect your GitHub and allow Atlas Cloud to lint your pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI bot will be used to connect your GitHub and will allow Atlas Cloud to lint your pull requests.
```

> 2. After saving your CI bot, click on "Create Token", and generate a token for your bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After saving your CI bot, click on "Create Token", and generate a token for your bot.
```

These members will receive an email with a link to Atlas Cloud, and will be required to sign up with the same email
in order to access the organization.

> ### Deleting Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deleting Bots and Tokens
```

> It is possible to delete the access token, however once you do so the token will be **invalidated**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to delete a bot, however once you do all of its tokens will be **invalidated**.  
```

> Before you delete the token, you must remember to generate a new token, and copy the new token into your GitHub project's 'Secrets'
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No need to add this sentence. Maybe write that if you delete a bot all of its tokens will be invalidated.

> If you would like to generate a new token instead the one you have deleted, you can do it by entering your bot from 'Bot Setting' screen and create a new token for it, make sure to update your GitHub project's 'Secrets' with the new token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to generate a new bot with a new token, make sure to update your GitHub project's 'Secrets' with the new token.
```
